"D:\Program Files\Python\python.exe" C:/Users/Steven/Documents/GitHub/Brandes/execute.py
Number of vertices: 10876
Number of edges: 39994
Graph is connected? True
Graph is undirected? True
Dfs takes 0.0 seconds to complete
find_articulation_points takes 0.046875 seconds to complete
Number of articulation points: 1757
construct_blocks takes 0.03125 seconds to complete
Number of biconnected components: 2498
construct_weighted_block_tree takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 0
compute_traffic_matrix takes 38.984375 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 1431.828125 seconds to complete
Component: 1
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.203125 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 3
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 4
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 5
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 6
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 7
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 8
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 9
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 10
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 11
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 12
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 13
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 14
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 15
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 16
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 17
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 18
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 19
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 20
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 21
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 22
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 23
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 24
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 25
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 26
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 27
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 28
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 29
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 30
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 31
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 32
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 33
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 34
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 35
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 36
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 37
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 38
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 39
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 40
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 41
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 42
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 43
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 44
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 45
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 46
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 47
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 48
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 49
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 50
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 51
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 52
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 53
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 54
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 55
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 56
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 57
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 58
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 59
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 60
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 61
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 62
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 63
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 64
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 65
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 66
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 67
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 68
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 69
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 70
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 71
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 72
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 73
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 74
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 75
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 76
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 77
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 78
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 79
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 80
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 81
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 82
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 83
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 84
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 85
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 86
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 87
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 88
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 89
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 90
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 91
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 92
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 93
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 94
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 95
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 96
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 97
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 98
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 99
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 100
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 101
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 102
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 103
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 104
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 105
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 106
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 107
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 108
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 109
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 110
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 111
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 112
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 113
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 114
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 115
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 116
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 117
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 118
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 119
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 120
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 121
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 122
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 123
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 124
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 125
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 126
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 127
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 128
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 129
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 130
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 131
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 132
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 133
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 134
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 135
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 136
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 137
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 138
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 139
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 140
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 141
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 142
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 143
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 144
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 145
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 146
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 147
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 148
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 149
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 150
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 151
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 152
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 153
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 154
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 155
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 156
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 157
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 158
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 159
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 160
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 161
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 162
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 163
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 164
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 165
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 166
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 167
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 168
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 169
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 170
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 171
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 172
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 173
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 174
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 175
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 176
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 177
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 178
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 179
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 180
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 181
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 182
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 183
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 184
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 185
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 186
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 187
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 188
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 189
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 190
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 191
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 192
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 193
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 194
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 195
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 196
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 197
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 198
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 199
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 200
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 201
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 202
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 203
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 204
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 205
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 206
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 207
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 208
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 209
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 210
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 211
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 212
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 213
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 214
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 215
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 216
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 217
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 218
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 219
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 220
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 221
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 222
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 223
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 224
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 225
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 226
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 227
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 228
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 229
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 230
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 231
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 232
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 233
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 234
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 235
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 236
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 237
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 238
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 239
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 240
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 241
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 242
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 243
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 244
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 245
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 246
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 247
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 248
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 249
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 250
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 251
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 252
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 253
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 254
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 255
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 256
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 257
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 258
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 259
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 260
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 261
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 262
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 263
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 264
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 265
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 266
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 267
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 268
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 269
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 270
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 271
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 272
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 273
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 274
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 275
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 276
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 277
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 278
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 279
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 280
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 281
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 282
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 283
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 284
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 285
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 286
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 287
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 288
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 289
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 290
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 291
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 292
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 293
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 294
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 295
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 296
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 297
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 298
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 299
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 300
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 301
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 302
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 303
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 304
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 305
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 306
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 307
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 308
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 309
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 310
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 311
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 312
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 313
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 314
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 315
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 316
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 317
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 318
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 319
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 320
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 321
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 322
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 323
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 324
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 325
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 326
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 327
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 328
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 329
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 330
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 331
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 332
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 333
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 334
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 335
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 336
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 337
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 338
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 339
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 340
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 341
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 342
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 343
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 344
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 345
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 346
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 347
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 348
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 349
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 350
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 351
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 352
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 353
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 354
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 355
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 356
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 357
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 358
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 359
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 360
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 361
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 362
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 363
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 364
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 365
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 366
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 367
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 368
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 369
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 370
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 371
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 372
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 373
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 374
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 375
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 376
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 377
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 378
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 379
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 380
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 381
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 382
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 383
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 384
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 385
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 386
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 387
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 388
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 389
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 390
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 391
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 392
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 393
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 394
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 395
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 396
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 397
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 398
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 399
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 400
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 401
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 402
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 403
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 404
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 405
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 406
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 407
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 408
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 409
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 410
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 411
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 412
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 413
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 414
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 415
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 416
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 417
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 418
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 419
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 420
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 421
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 422
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 423
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 424
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 425
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 426
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 427
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 428
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 429
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 430
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 431
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 432
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 433
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 434
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 435
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 436
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 437
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 438
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 439
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 440
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 441
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 442
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 443
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 444
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 445
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 446
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 447
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 448
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 449
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 450
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 451
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 452
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 453
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 454
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 455
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 456
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 457
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 458
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 459
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 460
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 461
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 462
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 463
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 464
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 465
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 466
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 467
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 468
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 469
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 470
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 471
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 472
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 473
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 474
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 475
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 476
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 477
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 478
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 479
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 480
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 481
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 482
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 483
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 484
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 485
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 486
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 487
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 488
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 489
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 490
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 491
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 492
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 493
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 494
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 495
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 496
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 497
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 498
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 499
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 500
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 501
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 502
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 503
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 504
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 505
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 506
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 507
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 508
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 509
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 510
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 511
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 512
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 513
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 514
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 515
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 516
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 517
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 518
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 519
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 520
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 521
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 522
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 523
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 524
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 525
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 526
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 527
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 528
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 529
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 530
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 531
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 532
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 533
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 534
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 535
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 536
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 537
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 538
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 539
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 540
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 541
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 542
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 543
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 544
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 545
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 546
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 547
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 548
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 549
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 550
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 551
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 552
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 553
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 554
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 555
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 556
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 557
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 558
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 559
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 560
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 561
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 562
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 563
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 564
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 565
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 566
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 567
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 568
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 569
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 570
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 571
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 572
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 573
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 574
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 575
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 576
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 577
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 578
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 579
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 580
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 581
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 582
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 583
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 584
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 585
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 586
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 587
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 588
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 589
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 590
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 591
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 592
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 593
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 594
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 595
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 596
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 597
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 598
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 599
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 600
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 601
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 602
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 603
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 604
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 605
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 606
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 607
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 608
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 609
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 610
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 611
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 612
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 613
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 614
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 615
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 616
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 617
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 618
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 619
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 620
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 621
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 622
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 623
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 624
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 625
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 626
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 627
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 628
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 629
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 630
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 631
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 632
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 633
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 634
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 635
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 636
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 637
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 638
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 639
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 640
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 641
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 642
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 643
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 644
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 645
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 646
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 647
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 648
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 649
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 650
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 651
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 652
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 653
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 654
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 655
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 656
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 657
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 658
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 659
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 660
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 661
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 662
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 663
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 664
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 665
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 666
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 667
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 668
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 669
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 670
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 671
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 672
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 673
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 674
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 675
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 676
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 677
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 678
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 679
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 680
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 681
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 682
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 683
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 684
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 685
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 686
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 687
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 688
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 689
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 690
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 691
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 692
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 693
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 694
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 695
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 696
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 697
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 698
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 699
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 700
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 701
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 702
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 703
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 704
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 705
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 706
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 707
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 708
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 709
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 710
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 711
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 712
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 713
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 714
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 715
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 716
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 717
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 718
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 719
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 720
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 721
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 722
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 723
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 724
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 725
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 726
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 727
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 728
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 729
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 730
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 731
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 732
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 733
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 734
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 735
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 736
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 737
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 738
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 739
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 740
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 741
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 742
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 743
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 744
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 745
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 746
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 747
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 748
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 749
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 750
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 751
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 752
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 753
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 754
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 755
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 756
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 757
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 758
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 759
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 760
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 761
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 762
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 763
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 764
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 765
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 766
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 767
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 768
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 769
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 770
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 771
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 772
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 773
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 774
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 775
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 776
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 777
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 778
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 779
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 780
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 781
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 782
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 783
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 784
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 785
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 786
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 787
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 788
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 789
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 790
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 791
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 792
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 793
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 794
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 795
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 796
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 797
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 798
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 799
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 800
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 801
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 802
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 803
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 804
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 805
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 806
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 807
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 808
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 809
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 810
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 811
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 812
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 813
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 814
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 815
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 816
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 817
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 818
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 819
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 820
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 821
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 822
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 823
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 824
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 825
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 826
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 827
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 828
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 829
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 830
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 831
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 832
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 833
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 834
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 835
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 836
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 837
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 838
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 839
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 840
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 841
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 842
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 843
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 844
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 845
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 846
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 847
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 848
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 849
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 850
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 851
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 852
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 853
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 854
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 855
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 856
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 857
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 858
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 859
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 860
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 861
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 862
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 863
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 864
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 865
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 866
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 867
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 868
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 869
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 870
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 871
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 872
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 873
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 874
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 875
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 876
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 877
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 878
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 879
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 880
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 881
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 882
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 883
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 884
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 885
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 886
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 887
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 888
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 889
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 890
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 891
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 892
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 893
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 894
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 895
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 896
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 897
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 898
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 899
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 900
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 901
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 902
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 903
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 904
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 905
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 906
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 907
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 908
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 909
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 910
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 911
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 912
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 913
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 914
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 915
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 916
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 917
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 918
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 919
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 920
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 921
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 922
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 923
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 924
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 925
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 926
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 927
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 928
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 929
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 930
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 931
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 932
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 933
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 934
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 935
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 936
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 937
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 938
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 939
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 940
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 941
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 942
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 943
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 944
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 945
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 946
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 947
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 948
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 949
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 950
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 951
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 952
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 953
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 954
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 955
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 956
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 957
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 958
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 959
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 960
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 961
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 962
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 963
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 964
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 965
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 966
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 967
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 968
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 969
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 970
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 971
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 972
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 973
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 974
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 975
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 976
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 977
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 978
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 979
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 980
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 981
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 982
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 983
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 984
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 985
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 986
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 987
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 988
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 989
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 990
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 991
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 992
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 993
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 994
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 995
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 996
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 997
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 998
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 999
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1000
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1001
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1002
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1003
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1004
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1005
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1006
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1007
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1008
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1009
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1010
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1011
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1012
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1013
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1014
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1015
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1016
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1017
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1018
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1019
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1020
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1021
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1022
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1023
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1024
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1025
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1026
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1027
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1028
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1029
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1030
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1031
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1032
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1033
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1034
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1035
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1036
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1037
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1038
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1039
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1040
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1041
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1042
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1043
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1044
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1045
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1046
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1047
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1048
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1049
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1050
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1051
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1052
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1053
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1054
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1055
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1056
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1057
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1058
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1059
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1060
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1061
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1062
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1063
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1064
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1065
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1066
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1067
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1068
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1069
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1070
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1071
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1072
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1073
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1074
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1075
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1076
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1077
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1078
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1079
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1080
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1081
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1082
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1083
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1084
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1085
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1086
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1087
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1088
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1089
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1090
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1091
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1092
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1093
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1094
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1095
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1096
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1097
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1098
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1099
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1100
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1101
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1102
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1103
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1104
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1105
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1106
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1107
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1108
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1109
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1110
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1111
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1112
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1113
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1114
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1115
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1116
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1117
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1118
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1119
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1120
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1121
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1122
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1123
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1124
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1125
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1126
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1127
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1128
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1129
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1130
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1131
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1132
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1133
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1134
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1135
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1136
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1137
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1138
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1139
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1140
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1141
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1142
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1143
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1144
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1145
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1146
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1147
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1148
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1149
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1150
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1151
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1152
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1153
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1154
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1155
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1156
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1157
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1158
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1159
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1160
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1161
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1162
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1163
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1164
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1165
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1166
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1167
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1168
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1169
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1170
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1171
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1172
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1173
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1174
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1175
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1176
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1177
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1178
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1179
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1180
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1181
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1182
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1183
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1184
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1185
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1186
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1187
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1188
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1189
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1190
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1191
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1192
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1193
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1194
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1195
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1196
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1197
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1198
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1199
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1200
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1201
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1202
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1203
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1204
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1205
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1206
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1207
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1208
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1209
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1210
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1211
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1212
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1213
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1214
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1215
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1216
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1217
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1218
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1219
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1220
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1221
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1222
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1223
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1224
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1225
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1226
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1227
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1228
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1229
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1230
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1231
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1232
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1233
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1234
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1235
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1236
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1237
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1238
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1239
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1240
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1241
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1242
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1243
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1244
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1245
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1246
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1247
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1248
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1249
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1250
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1251
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1252
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1253
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1254
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1255
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1256
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1257
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1258
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1259
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1260
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1261
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1262
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1263
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1264
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1265
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1266
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1267
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1268
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1269
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1270
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1271
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1272
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1273
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1274
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1275
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1276
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1277
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1278
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1279
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1280
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1281
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1282
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1283
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1284
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1285
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1286
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1287
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1288
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1289
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1290
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1291
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1292
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1293
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1294
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1295
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1296
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1297
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1298
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1299
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1300
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1301
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1302
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1303
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1304
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1305
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1306
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1307
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1308
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1309
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1310
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1311
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1312
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1313
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1314
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1315
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1316
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1317
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1318
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1319
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1320
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1321
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1322
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1323
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1324
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1325
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1326
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1327
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1328
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1329
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1330
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1331
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1332
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1333
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1334
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1335
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1336
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1337
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1338
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1339
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1340
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1341
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1342
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1343
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1344
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1345
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1346
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1347
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1348
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1349
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1350
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1351
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1352
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1353
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1354
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1355
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1356
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1357
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1358
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1359
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1360
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1361
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1362
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1363
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1364
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1365
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1366
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1367
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1368
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1369
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1370
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1371
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1372
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1373
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1374
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1375
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1376
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1377
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1378
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1379
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1380
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1381
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1382
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1383
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1384
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1385
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1386
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1387
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1388
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1389
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1390
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1391
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1392
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1393
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1394
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1395
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1396
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1397
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1398
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1399
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1400
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1401
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1402
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1403
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1404
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1405
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1406
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1407
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1408
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1409
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1410
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1411
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1412
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1413
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1414
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1415
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1416
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1417
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1418
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1419
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1420
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1421
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1422
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1423
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1424
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1425
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1426
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1427
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1428
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1429
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1430
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1431
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1432
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1433
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1434
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1435
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1436
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1437
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1438
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1439
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1440
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1441
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1442
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1443
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1444
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1445
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1446
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1447
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1448
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1449
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1450
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1451
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1452
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1453
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1454
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1455
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1456
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1457
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1458
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1459
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1460
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1461
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1462
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1463
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1464
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1465
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1466
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1467
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1468
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1469
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1470
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1471
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1472
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1473
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1474
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1475
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1476
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1477
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1478
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1479
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1480
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1481
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1482
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1483
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1484
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1485
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1486
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1487
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1488
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1489
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1490
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1491
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1492
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1493
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1494
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1495
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1496
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1497
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1498
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1499
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1500
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1501
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1502
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1503
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1504
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1505
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1506
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1507
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1508
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1509
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1510
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1511
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1512
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1513
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1514
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1515
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1516
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1517
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1518
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1519
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1520
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1521
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1522
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1523
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1524
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1525
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1526
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1527
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1528
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1529
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1530
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1531
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1532
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1533
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1534
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1535
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1536
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1537
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1538
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1539
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1540
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1541
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1542
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1543
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1544
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1545
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1546
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1547
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 1548
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1549
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1550
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1551
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1552
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1553
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1554
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1555
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1556
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1557
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1558
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1559
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1560
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1561
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1562
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1563
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1564
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1565
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1566
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1567
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1568
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1569
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1570
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1571
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1572
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1573
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1574
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1575
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1576
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1577
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1578
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1579
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1580
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1581
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1582
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1583
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1584
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1585
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1586
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1587
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1588
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1589
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1590
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1591
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1592
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1593
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1594
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1595
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1596
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1597
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1598
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1599
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1600
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1601
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1602
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1603
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1604
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1605
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1606
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1607
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1608
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1609
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1610
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1611
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1612
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1613
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1614
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1615
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1616
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1617
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1618
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1619
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1620
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1621
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1622
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1623
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1624
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1625
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1626
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1627
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1628
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1629
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1630
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1631
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1632
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1633
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1634
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1635
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1636
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1637
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1638
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1639
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1640
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1641
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1642
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1643
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1644
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1645
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1646
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1647
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1648
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1649
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1650
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1651
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1652
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1653
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1654
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1655
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1656
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1657
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1658
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1659
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1660
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1661
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1662
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1663
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1664
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1665
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1666
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1667
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1668
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1669
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1670
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1671
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1672
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1673
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1674
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1675
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1676
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1677
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1678
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1679
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1680
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1681
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1682
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1683
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1684
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1685
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1686
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1687
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1688
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1689
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1690
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1691
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1692
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1693
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1694
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1695
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1696
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1697
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1698
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1699
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1700
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1701
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1702
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1703
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1704
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1705
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1706
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1707
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1708
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1709
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1710
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1711
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1712
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1713
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1714
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1715
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1716
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1717
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1718
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1719
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1720
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1721
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1722
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1723
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1724
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1725
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1726
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1727
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1728
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1729
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1730
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1731
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1732
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1733
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1734
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1735
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1736
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1737
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1738
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1739
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1740
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1741
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1742
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1743
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1744
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1745
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1746
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1747
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1748
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1749
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1750
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1751
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1752
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1753
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1754
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1755
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1756
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1757
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1758
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1759
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1760
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1761
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1762
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1763
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1764
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1765
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1766
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1767
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1768
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1769
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1770
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1771
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1772
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1773
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1774
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1775
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1776
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1777
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1778
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1779
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1780
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1781
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1782
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1783
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1784
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1785
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1786
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1787
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1788
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1789
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1790
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1791
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1792
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1793
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1794
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1795
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1796
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1797
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1798
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1799
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1800
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1801
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1802
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1803
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1804
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1805
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1806
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1807
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1808
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1809
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1810
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1811
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1812
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1813
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1814
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1815
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1816
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1817
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1818
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1819
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1820
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1821
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1822
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1823
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1824
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1825
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1826
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1827
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1828
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1829
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1830
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1831
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1832
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1833
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1834
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1835
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1836
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1837
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1838
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1839
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1840
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1841
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1842
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1843
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1844
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1845
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1846
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1847
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1848
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1849
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1850
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1851
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1852
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1853
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1854
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1855
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1856
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1857
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1858
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1859
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1860
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1861
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1862
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1863
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1864
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1865
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1866
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1867
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1868
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1869
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1870
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1871
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1872
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1873
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1874
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1875
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1876
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1877
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1878
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1879
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1880
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1881
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1882
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1883
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1884
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1885
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1886
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1887
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1888
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1889
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1890
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1891
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1892
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1893
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1894
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1895
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1896
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1897
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1898
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1899
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1900
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1901
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1902
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1903
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1904
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1905
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1906
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1907
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1908
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1909
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1910
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1911
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1912
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1913
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1914
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1915
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1916
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1917
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1918
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1919
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1920
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1921
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1922
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1923
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1924
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1925
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1926
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1927
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1928
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1929
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1930
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1931
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1932
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1933
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1934
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1935
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1936
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1937
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1938
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1939
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1940
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1941
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1942
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1943
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1944
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1945
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1946
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1947
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1948
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1949
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1950
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1951
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1952
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1953
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1954
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1955
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1956
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1957
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1958
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1959
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1960
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1961
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1962
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1963
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1964
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1965
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1966
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1967
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1968
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1969
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1970
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1971
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1972
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1973
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1974
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1975
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1976
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1977
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1978
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1979
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1980
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1981
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1982
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 1983
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1984
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1985
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1986
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1987
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1988
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1989
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1990
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1991
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1992
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1993
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1994
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1995
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1996
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1997
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1998
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 1999
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2000
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2001
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2002
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2003
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2004
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2005
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2006
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2007
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2008
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2009
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2010
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2011
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2012
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2013
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2014
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2015
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2016
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2017
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2018
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2019
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2020
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2021
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2022
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2023
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2024
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2025
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2026
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2027
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2028
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2029
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2030
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2031
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2032
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2033
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2034
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2035
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2036
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2037
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2038
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2039
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2040
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2041
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2042
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2043
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2044
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2045
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2046
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2047
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2048
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2049
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2050
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2051
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2052
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2053
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2054
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2055
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2056
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2057
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2058
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2059
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2060
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2061
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2062
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2063
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2064
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2065
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2066
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2067
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2068
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2069
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2070
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2071
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2072
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2073
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2074
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2075
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2076
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2077
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2078
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2079
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2080
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2081
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2082
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2083
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2084
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2085
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2086
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2087
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2088
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2089
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2090
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2091
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2092
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2093
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2094
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2095
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2096
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2097
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2098
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2099
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2100
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2101
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2102
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2103
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2104
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2105
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2106
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2107
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2108
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2109
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2110
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2111
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2112
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2113
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2114
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2115
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2116
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2117
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2118
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2119
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2120
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2121
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2122
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2123
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2124
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2125
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2126
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2127
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2128
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2129
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2130
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2131
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2132
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2133
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2134
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2135
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2136
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2137
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2138
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2139
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2140
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2141
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2142
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2143
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2144
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2145
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2146
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2147
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2148
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2149
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2150
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2151
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2152
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2153
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2154
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2155
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2156
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2157
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2158
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2159
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2160
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2161
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2162
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2163
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2164
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2165
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2166
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2167
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2168
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2169
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2170
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2171
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2172
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2173
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2174
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2175
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2176
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2177
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2178
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2179
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2180
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2181
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2182
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2183
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2184
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2185
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2186
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2187
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2188
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2189
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2190
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2191
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2192
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2193
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2194
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2195
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2196
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2197
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2198
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2199
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2200
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2201
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2202
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2203
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2204
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2205
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2206
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2207
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2208
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2209
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2210
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2211
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2212
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2213
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2214
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2215
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2216
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2217
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2218
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2219
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2220
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2221
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2222
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2223
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2224
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2225
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2226
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2227
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2228
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2229
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2230
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2231
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2232
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2233
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2234
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2235
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2236
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2237
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2238
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2239
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2240
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2241
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2242
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2243
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2244
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2245
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2246
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2247
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2248
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2249
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2250
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2251
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2252
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2253
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2254
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2255
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2256
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2257
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2258
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2259
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2260
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2261
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2262
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2263
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2264
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2265
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2266
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2267
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2268
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2269
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2270
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2271
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2272
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2273
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2274
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2275
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2276
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2277
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2278
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2279
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2280
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2281
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2282
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2283
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2284
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2285
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2286
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2287
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2288
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2289
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2290
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2291
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2292
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2293
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2294
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2295
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2296
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2297
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2298
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2299
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2300
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2301
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2302
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2303
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2304
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2305
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2306
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2307
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2308
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2309
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2310
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2311
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2312
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2313
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2314
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2315
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2316
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2317
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2318
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2319
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2320
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2321
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2322
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2323
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2324
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2325
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2326
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2327
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2328
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2329
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2330
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2331
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2332
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2333
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2334
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2335
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2336
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2337
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2338
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2339
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2340
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2341
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2342
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2343
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2344
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2345
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2346
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2347
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2348
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2349
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2350
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2351
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2352
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2353
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2354
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2355
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2356
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2357
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2358
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2359
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2360
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2361
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2362
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2363
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2364
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2365
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2366
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2367
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2368
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2369
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2370
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2371
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2372
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2373
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2374
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2375
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2376
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2377
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2378
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2379
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2380
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2381
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2382
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2383
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2384
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2385
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2386
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2387
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2388
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2389
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2390
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2391
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2392
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2393
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2394
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2395
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2396
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2397
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2398
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2399
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2400
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2401
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2402
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2403
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2404
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2405
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2406
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2407
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2408
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2409
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2410
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2411
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2412
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2413
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2414
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2415
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2416
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2417
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2418
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2419
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2420
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2421
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2422
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2423
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2424
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2425
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2426
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2427
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2428
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2429
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2430
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2431
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2432
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2433
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2434
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2435
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2436
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2437
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2438
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2439
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2440
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2441
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2442
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2443
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2444
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2445
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2446
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2447
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2448
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2449
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2450
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2451
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2452
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2453
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2454
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2455
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.015625 seconds to complete
Component: 2456
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2457
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2458
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2459
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2460
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2461
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2462
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2463
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2464
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2465
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2466
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2467
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2468
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2469
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2470
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2471
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2472
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2473
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2474
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2475
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2476
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2477
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2478
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2479
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2480
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2481
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2482
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2483
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2484
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2485
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2486
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2487
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2488
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2489
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2490
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2491
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2492
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2493
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2494
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2495
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2496
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
Component: 2497
compute_traffic_matrix takes 0.0 seconds to complete
brandes_for_BCBCC takes 0.0 seconds to complete
BCBCC takes 1471.1875 seconds to complete
standard Brandes takes 460.953125 seconds to complete

Process finished with exit code 0
